
New Request for Comments are now available in online RFC libraries:

	RFC 1306:

        Title:      Experiences Supporting By-Request 
                    Circuit-Switched T3 Networks
       	Author:     A. Nicholson & J. Young
	Mailbox:    droid@cray.com, jsy@cray.com
	Pages:      10
	Characters: 25,788 
	Obsoletes/Updates:  none


This memo describes the experiences of a project team at Cray
Research, Inc., in implementing support for circuit-switched T3
services.  While the issues discussed may not be directly relevant to
the research problems of the Internet, they may be interesting to a
number of researchers and implementers.

This RFC provides information for the Internet community.  It does not
specify an Internet standard.  Distribution of this memo is unlimited.


	RFC 1307:

        Title:      Dynamically Switched Link Control Protocol
       	Author:     J. Young & A. Nicholson
	Mailbox:    jsy@cray.com, droid@cray.com
	Pages:      13
	Characters: 24,145
	Obsoletes/Updates:  none


This memo describes an experimental protocol developed by a project
team at Cray Research, Inc., in implementing support for circuit-
switched T3 services.  The protocol is used for the control of network
connections external to a host, but known to the host.  It is
documented here for the benefit of others who may wish to perform
further research.

This memo defines an Experimental Protocol for the Internet community.
Discussion and suggestions for improvement are requested.  Please
refer to the current edition of the "IAB Official Protocol Standards"
for the standardization state and status of this protocol.
Distribution of this memo is unlimited.

This announcement is sent to the IETF list and the RFC-DIST list.
Requests to be added to or deleted from the IETF distribution list
should be sent to IETF-REQUEST@NRI.RESTON.VA.US.  Requests to be added
to or deleted from the RFC-DIST distribution list should be sent to
RFC-REQUEST@NIC.DDN.MIL.

Details on obtaining RFCs via FTP or EMAIL may be obtained by sending
an EMAIL message to "rfc-info@ISI.EDU" with the message body
"help: ways_to_get_rfcs".  For example:

        To: rfc-info@ISI.EDU
        Subject: getting rfcs

        help: ways_to_get_rfcs

Requests for special distribution should be addressed to either the
author of the RFC in question, or to NIC@NIC.DDN.MIL.  Unless
specifically noted otherwise on the RFC itself, all RFCs are for
unlimited distribution.

Submissions for Requests for Comments should be sent to
RFC-EDITOR@ISI.EDU.  Please consult RFC 1111, "Instructions to RFC
Authors", for further information.


Joyce K. Reynolds
USC/Information Sciences Institute
